Various TLS related updates (#16267)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

### `tls-version`

> **Warning:**
>

> > TLSv1.0 and TLSv1.1 are deprecated and will be removed in TiDB v8.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Support for the TLSv1.0 and TLSv1.1 protocols is deprecated in TiDB v7.6.0 and will be removed in v8.0.0.
```
